Hey, when the car accident happened
I thought we were all dead
As soon as I opened my eyes, I came here
I know we're close
The dog blood short distance I saw
I was the one.
The useless female protagonist who was dug up by the male protagonist and died
You are the one
Hate the vicious female protagonist who hates to death
We are because of a man named Nanjing
Will you die?
Hahaha, it's not that dog blood is cut off.
This plot sucks
How could I do this for someone
The dog man betrayed my best friend
It's just dogs and men die and hum
I have 5 million in my hand now
You help me, I'll take care of you.
Qianqian, we must pull the hook
In this world, you must never leave
Never part. Okay.
Never leave
Ha ha.
Ah!
Progress bar is closing
Dog man, that's it